Add `--cpu-only` or `--gpu-only` Arguments to `nx-cugraph` Benchmark (#4648)
rapidsai/cugraph: benchmarks/nx-cugraph/pytest-based/README.md

### Scripts

#### 1. `run-main-benchmarks.sh`

> This script allows users to run the main algorithms across multiple datasets and backends. All results are stored inside a sub-directory (`logs/`) and output files are named based on the combination of parameters for that benchmark.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
This script allows users to run a small set of commonly-used algorithms across multiple datasets and backends. All results are stored inside a sub-directory (`logs/`) and output files are named based on the combination of parameters for that benchmark.
```

> NOTE: If running with all algorithms, datasets on CPU, this script may take a few hours to finish running.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
NOTE: If running with all algorithms and datasets using NetworkX without an accelerated backend, this script may take a few hours to finish running.
```
